=head1 NAME

Vcdiff::OpenVcdiff - open-vcdiff backend for Vcdiff

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Vcdiff::OpenVcdiff;

    my $delta = Vcdiff::OpenVcdiff::diff($source, $target);

    my $target2 = Vcdiff::OpenVcdiff::patch($source, $delta);

    ## $target2 eq $target

This module is a backend to the L<Vcdiff> module and isn't usually used directly.



=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module uses L<Alien::OpenVcdiff> which is a module that configures, builds, and installs Google's L<open-vcdiff|http://code.google.com/p/open-vcdiff/> library.

The alien package installs the C<vcdiff> binary for your convenience but this module uses the C<libvcdenc.so> and C<libvcddec.so> shared libraries so that the diffing computation is done in-process instead of forking processes.


=head1 PROS

=over

=item *

Apache licensed

=item *

open-vcdiff has a really cool feature that lets you re-use "hashed dictionaries" for multiple diff operations (but this module doesn't expose that yet).

=back


=head1 CONS

=over

=item *

Even with the streaming API C<open-vcdiff> has a hard upper-limit of 2G file sizes and the default (which this module hasn't changed) is 64M so be warned.

=item *

If the source argument is a file handle, L<Vcdiff::OpenVcdiff> will try to C<mmap(2)> the entire file into memory with L<Sys::Mmap>. As well as adding a dependency, this means that source files must be able to fit in your address space. Because of the file size limitation described above, this shouldn't be an issue. See the "STREAMING API" section of L<Vcdiff> for more details.

=item *

The L<Alien::OpenVcdiff> dependency takes a long time to compile compared to L<Vcdiff::Xdelta3> although it's not a completely fair comparison because the alien module also runs open-vcdiff's test-suite (which is good).

=item *

The library writes to standard error in the event of errors and I don't believe there is any way to silence these messages.

=back




=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Vcdiff-OpenVcdiff github repo|https://github.com/hoytech/Vcdiff-OpenVcdiff>

L<Vcdiff>

L<Alien::OpenVcdiff>

L<Official open-vcdiff website|http://code.google.com/p/open-vcdiff/>


=head1 AUTHOR

Doug Hoyte, C<< <doug@hcsw.org> >>


=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Doug Hoyte.

This module is licensed under the same terms as perl itself.


=cut

